together with him that is the one that ecological
understanding that is the ecological is much more
turn off the lights of the house
that recycle the garbage
who take care not to contaminate both the director
I wanted ecological
kinect in a comprehensive reform has to measure
with expanding consciousness beyond ourselves
d this total and encourage that we exist
be ecological
and I tried
i this one
the whole this is the planetarium and concludes with the unfolding
bells
ll
sc
holes are rivers
the girls and the arteries
whose minerals
they are the leisure system
whose columns to the mountain ranges of the world
whose cells are all living beings
whose biological systems in the plot that binds living beings
with them whose mind in whose mind I book human thoughts
In whose
it also shines our souls
it is interest will continue to be alive in that we exist in what we are
and understand what the meaning of our personal life has wants
with collaborating to agree with serving that greater whole
to that plot greater restlessness than existence and it is not that there was
unwinds
it is known as a good
is to connect with the same
with the tails in deep intelligence cycle of that great entity
invest in what we are
and accept
we are one more within that great dignity
and who specified surrendered
to that great intelligence
Kissimmee Florida does not look
the father
Yes Luis
in the dynamics
in the rhythms in the cycles of that great resistance
it's always fine pointed to the entire killer where it will put
of what the natural rhythm therefore adds for all of it adds the cnc to
ourselves
be ecological
that is much more than being afraid of what might happen with the warming
global
I visualize the bonds of love that bind us to all beings
read i
to thank
honor life
and then a client re-enchant everyday life
in deep respect
to all beings
be ecological
that one of it
and feel
that the air we breathe
it comes from the trees and the jungles of the world
here the food that every day takes more
behind that food is the person
I want to be clear why they will not grow and that they harvested
wants that until that moment is the land that sheltered the sun that
warmed the rain that bequeathed us
and that is fine balance
is what allows us
exist and live
st
that everything is intertwined
that everything affects everything
that everything we do
touch all keko we create among all the world
that not that I do to other sectors being all
that he has water
you are also looking for and doing others
who adds the life
it is a sacred pasture
enke
every gesture every movement affects the whole
psychological
obviously it is to take care of the quality of the waters
of the airs
and of our planet
But it is much more than that
it is also to take care of personal status
the personal debug state
Purity intentona
why
the environment is psychological the psychic environment
the critic
the arrogance
the fear
the rancor
are
factors that pollute the environment contaminated deeply
psychological work environments
pollute our homes pollute cities never
and therefore
whose state efe
the psychic environment of the world d that black cloud that many people are
continuing the atmosphere
of the place
It's fundamental
in a comprehensive police
kind thoughts
if we look, you have joyful creative types
natural
they generate a psychic environment
luminous
and that psychic environment giner luminous actions
In sum it is about limits of love and the rest is given in addition